
=head1 NAME

Book::Chinese::Guide - Guide

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 建议

个人浅见

=over 4

=item * 多写代码，多写文章

读一本书仅仅读一次是没有多大用处的。只有亲手编写代码一次，才有一半是你的。当你用自己的理解写出一篇文章，这才说明有 90% 是你的。

=item * 阅读好的代码

代码的好坏在于你阅读下来是不是一切都很顺畅。

=item * 帮助回答问题

谦虚和礼貌

=item * 参与协作，贡献自己的代码

将你所有的代码放到网上。不将代码放到公众处只有两个原因，一是不能，二是不敢。

全程跟踪一个项目的发展对你将有很大的帮助。

想参与一个公众项目时，先提交代码或补丁，显示你的能力和善意。

=back

=head2 全文导读

=over 4

=item * L<Preface>

=item * Guide

=item * L<BeACPANTester>

=item * L<BeACPANAuthor>

=item * L<Moose>

=item * L<DBIx::Class>

=item * L<Template>

=item * L<Catalyst>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Fayland Lam, C<< <fayland at gmail.com> >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2009 Fayland Lam

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
